Add Digicert root certificate to SBC (#8486)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-plan.md

- DigiCert High Assurance EV Root CA

> [!NOTE]

> > *If Mutual TLS (MTLS) support is enabled for the Teams connection on the SBC, then you must install the Baltimore CyberTrust Root and the DigiCert Global Root G2 certificates in the SBC Trusted Root Store of the Teams TLS context. (This is because the Microsoft service certificates use one of these two root certificates.) To download these root certificates, see [Office 365 Encryption chains](/microsoft-365/compliance/encryption-office-365-certificate-chains). More details are available [here](/microsoft-365/compliance/encryption-office-365-tls-certificates-changes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> *If Mutual TLS (MTLS) support is enabled for the Teams connection on the SBC, then you must install the Baltimore CyberTrust Root and the DigiCert Global Root G2 certificates in the SBC Trusted Root Store of the Teams TLS context. (This is because the Microsoft service certificates use one of these two root certificates.) To download these root certificates, see [Office 365 Encryption chains](/microsoft-365/compliance/encryption-office-365-certificate-chains). For more information, see [Office TLS Certificate Changes](/microsoft-365/compliance/encryption-office-365-tls-certificates-changes).
```

Author: Done.
